11/13 19
  Today in ComSci class, we had some revision test. To be honest, I wasnt able to solve even one of the problem in right way.
  I should start spending more time on computer science. After that, we used arduino to express the count from 0-15 in binery.
  Since we are not familiar with started arduino that much, it is always stressful and challenging for me to first digest, and 
  start working on it.

11/18 19
  I've learn several techniques to convert decimals to binary code. From my first glance, they were all a bit complicated and
  hard to understand, but continueing practice it will be fine. Also we learned logic gates. It helped me to understand the 
  concept from different perspective.

11/20 19
  Class started by reviewing some IB questions that uses truth table. It requires breif knowledges about how the table it self
  works and how you can come up with answer without confusing yourself. Throughout today's reviewing process, I think that I
  digested this unit very well.

11/25 19
  Getting into our unit 2 project, my role is to create a communication method between moon and mars which convert morse signal
  to binary code. Me and Lauricenia came up with an idea that loops the alphabet and by selecting it using 2 button inputs. Its
  still in the planning process but I want to move on for the coding stage as soon as possible.
  
11/27 19
  Starting off class by solving past IB problems. After that moving on to our own project. Through out today's session, I
  worked on my own code. To loop alphabet, num and send, del keys. I was just able to make some prototypes but not completed
  yet. From now on, I need to develop my code to read input and also to figure it out how to make it more efficient. 
  Since this program takes a lot to input alphabets.

12/2 19
  Created new circuits with arduino. This time we used, LCD screens to actually show the progress. It is bit confusing to do
  all the cable works but our team finished off creating one circuit. After that, we tried out by connecting to my PC and 
  run code with it but however, it didn't work. By unplugging our own circuit and connecting original sample, it worked fine.
  Which means the problem is the circuit it self not the code. Rest of the class was just us trying to figure it out what we
  didn't do it correctly.
  
  
